[Music]
hey what's up guys
today i'll show you a science fiction
psychological horror film
circle spoiler ahead watch out and take
care after awakening out of nowhere
a woman finds herself placed in a creepy
dark room
with 50 people standing next to her
they're all arranged in two concentric
circles around a black dome
and everyone is designated a small
circle that once he tries to leave or
touch the others
the alarm warnings will beep out loud
right at that time that john doe
who seems to have some clues about the
trick warns the panicking woman not to
move
however another woman awakens right then
gets so confused by the current
situation
that she ignores the warning and moves
her steps out carelessly
causing her to be killed instantly by a
beam from the dome
and her body to be removed to the dark
quickly
after her death lights on the roof turn
on all people in the room are awakened
but soon fall into a great panic john
doe tries to calm down the panicking
people
but only gets terminated instantly by
the dead beam right before he could
finish his two wordy man
other people are becoming more and more
stressed
during the chaos an asian guy figures
out the rule that the white arrow on the
ground
that could be controlled by hand
gestures is meant to choose the person
you want to kill next what's more
each person can only see their own vote
but not others
people then try to test the rule but
only find someone who gets killed next
randomly
seeing that pregnant woman suspects that
it seems like a voting system
where only those who get the most votes
would be terminated
therefore they decide to test that
theory on the dead woman
however another random person gets
killed this time
in a panic a young guy in a stripy shirt
concludes that
the system kills one person every two
minutes
in case people do not make any vote the
system will automatically select one
person as a victim to remove
so he suggests voting to eliminate the
elderly first in order to buy more time
to figure out an efficient way to escape
without any choice most of them agree
with that brutal
but simple proposal the poor elderly man
is shot by the dead being next
thereafter the captives begin to discuss
how they end up being there
and think the aliens might abduct them
eric manning of black shirt
recalls that when he was driving on a
heavy traffic highway
he found the sky turned dark suddenly
and lost his consciousness very soon
before being taken to this room finally
shortly after that
with the elderly eliminated one by one
the guy in a strippy shirt proposes to
eliminate people
according to the age starting from the
older people the guy then targets a 52
years old cancer survivor aggressively
while many are unwilling to consider her
as the elderly
causing the guy to be voted as the next
victim instead
the cancer survivor believes that they
must have been chosen for some reason
and thus urges the rest to know more
about each other for any relations among
them
however a fat lady volunteers to
introduce herself first
but ends up getting killed subsequently
for many are just turned dull by her
chubby body and flat speech
her death however prevents the rest from
any bumps self
introduction soon an elite looking man
begins to label a black man
as an illegal immigrant to the country
trying to make him the next
victim but the black man is later voted
to stay
shortly after tattooed man is eliminated
for the next
once he admits to a cops accusation of
domestic violence
after that another black man challenges
the voting system
and claims that the process has become
racist which reveals a racist white
policeman
and results in the policeman's death at
the next countdown
a soldier deduces that no one would be
eliminated possibly
if they have the same votes since they
could not vote for themselves
they give each vote to the person next
to them resulting in the same votes
shared by the bearded man in a plaid
shirt and the pregnant woman
to their shock however the bearded man
is killed for the next
while the boy eric explains that he
finds the selfish bearded man broke the
rule
and voted for the pregnant woman
secretly so he voted back
and killed the bearded man instead eric
also deduces that only one person will
probably survive in the end
due to this system maybe that lucky
person would be between the pregnant
woman and the little girl
following his words the rest then vote
for an old lady and the little girl at
the same time
but somebody changes mind and sacrifices
the old lady first
while sparing the little girl later
after knowing that the kid is not
performing well at her study
the rest decide to vote her to die
surprisingly
a man behind them can't help but burst
out laughing at their backlog
which however leads to his own death
instead
after several rounds of elimination some
begin to criticize its brutality and
inhumanity
and suggest sacrificing for others a
baby fat boy stands out
and vows to die for the next round
however a middle-aged man volunteers to
be eliminated first
with those two minutes saved though the
rest still can't figure a way out
so in the next round the elite looking
man urges the baby fat boy to fulfill
his promise
and the boy dies without breaking his
promise
after that the remaining finally
realized that there are no volunteers
anymore
so they turn to the soldier who's in
fear and regrets a lot for his sacrifice
made in afghanistan
however a mother who lost her children
in a car accident
volunteers to be the next in order to
earn the rest more time
but it's far from enough a noodle-haired
guy is chosen next
but intends to switch everybody's
attention to his neighboring girl
he claims that the girl is a street girl
seducing the married men randomly on the
street
despite that the guy fails to change his
fate and dies for his lies
the elite looking man then targets a
lesbian-looking woman behind him
trying to raise people's homophobia
against that woman
but instead leading to his own death for
the next countdown
in the next round a man and his mistress
are selected for their extramarital
affair
however the two decide to die together
as they believe in love
their death reveals another rule to the
rest that those with the same votes
would be killed at the same time
with only a few left people turn back to
the pregnant woman and the little girl
trying to kill the one who may have the
highest survival rate
the forehead guy tries to win some
sympathy from others
by claiming that he has seven kids to
raise however
some believe that everyone is equal and
no special privileges should be offered
to somebody
at last the so-called illegal immigrant
and the little girl are chosen
but the immigrant decides to sacrifice
himself to save the little girl
after that the four-eyed guy forces the
couple to choose the little girl for the
next
despite his instigation the forehead guy
and the little girl are cast with the
same votes
but the four-eyed guy ends up getting
killed at last because the wife is
unwilling to follow her husband at the
last minute
and decides to spare the poor little
girl
as the remaining are divided into two
sides the husband is forced to vote with
eric's side
otherwise they will eliminate his wife
first
to save his wife the husband votes to
kill the black man
but later the mustache guy realizes the
two don't even know each other's name
they just pretend to be a couple to
increase their chance of survival
the fake husband dies for his trick in
the next countdown
five people are chosen randomly at the
same time the rest people rushed to vote
resulting in another four deaths with a
mustache guy spared only
in despair and overwhelmed by the
inhumane game
a priest chooses to end his life and
report to his god
while at a deadlock with only six people
left eric makes a deal with the mustache
guy
attempting to eliminate the little girl
and the fake housewife first
however a silent old man restrains his
voting
causing the fake housewife to be killed
the next
eric believes that the silent man could
survive so long to the last stage
only because of his long silence the
mustache guy then wishes to vote for the
silent man
but eric tricks to get the pregnant
woman's vote for the mustache guy
who dies immediately after voting
unanimously to terminate the silent man
for the next round
the remaining three reach the critical
and final stage
before voting eric swears to god he will
definitely fulfill his promise to
sacrifice himself
and thus urges them to make their own
choice
in tears for eric's words and unwilling
to kill the pregnant woman and her
unborn baby
the little girl decides to die together
with eric as she is walking out of the
circle to kill herself
eric just stands still and casts his
vote on the pregnant woman suddenly
causing the two to be eliminated but
making him the one last winner
however his evil smiles fade away
immediately
upon noticing the countdown continues he
soon realizes that the unborn baby also
counts a boat
without any hesitation eric votes to
kill that baby immediately
and makes himself survive the last and
transferred back to the ground
where he's astonished to find the alien
spacecraft floating over in the sky
and many others who have presumably
survived the humanity experiments
this is daniel cc movie channel peace
out